, Cutlery
"cutler", in
"long, cutlers"
'coutel', meaning
'coutelier', which
'culter', knife
'cuteler', and
/, fork
1297, tax
14th, century
16th, century
17th, century
18th, century
1913, the
19th, century
A, person
After, fabrication
Although, the
An, alternative
At, Sheffield
Before, the
Birmingham, and
Brearley, discovered
Britain, the
British, metallurgist
Chemical, reactions
Company, It
Composition, Sterling
Cutler, –
Cutlers', Hall
Cutlery, includes
EPNS, was
England, has
English, word
Etymology, The
Even, comparatively
French, 'coutelier'
From, the
Gilbert, du
Gold, is
Hall, in
Harry, Brearley
Historically, silver
However, the
In, recent
Industry, Cutlery
It, contained
Joseph, Paul
King's, possession
Lafayette, by
Latin, word
London, was
Manufacturing, Company
Marie, Joseph
Marquis, de
Master, Cutler
Middle, English
Modern, blades
Motier, known
Old, French
Paul, Yves
Plastic, cutlery
Roch, Gilbert
Several, knives
Sheffield, in
Since, the
States, where
Steel, was
Sterling, silver
The, city
This, was
Tower, of
Towle, Manufacturing
United, States
Wealthy, individuals
Western, culture
Wooden, disposable
Yves, Roch
[1], Cutlery
[2], The
[3], Even
[4], Steel
a, cutler
advantage, over
after, the
airline, meals
all, three
allied, trades
alloy, which
also, sometimes
alternative, is
always, used
among, many
and, especially
any, hand
appeared, in
are, made
aristocrat, Marie
around, Birmingham
as, silverware
at, the
available, as
avoid, the
away, outlets
awlbladesmith, shearsmith
barbecues, for
be, seen
became, concentrated
because, steel
becoming, distinct
been, famous
being, less
between, certain
biodegradable, alternative
blade, that
blades, are
break, in
brittle, a
but, the
by, the
called, a
camping, excursions
can, be
century, and
certain, foods
chance, and
cheap, mild
cheaper, items
chemically, reactive
children's, cutlery
city, of
class, Plastic
combines, all
combining, the
come, into
comes, from
commodity, than
commonly, used
comparatively, modest
composition, of
comprehensive, set
concentrated, by
confined, to
contain, manganese
contained, among
containing, a
copper, alloy
corrosion, resistant
couteau, [2]
culture, A
cutler, The
cutlers, wheel
cutlers", and
cutlery, is
cutting, instruments
dating, from
de, Lafayette
derives, from
different, eating
dining, implements
discovered, stainless
display, at
disposable, use
distinct, trades
divided, with
documented, use
done, because
du, Motier
due, to
durable, than
early, origins
eating, food
economy, class
edge, well
edged, tools
electroplated, nickel
emerging, and
especially, eating
even, less
exceptionally, wealthy
excursions, and
expensive, commodity
fabrication, the
famous, for
fast, food
fifty, years
first, documented
flatware, in
food, in
foods, and
for, the
fork, and
forkmaker, emerging
formed, into
frequently, used
from, Sheffield
functionality, of
gold, cutlery
good, quality
gravy, ladle
grindstone, but
had, the
hand, implement
hard, steel
hardest, steel
has, been
have, been
hence, the
households, might
hybrid, versions
implement, used
implements, including
implication, that
in, preparing
includes, any
including, the
increasingly, concentrated
individuals, would
industry, [1]
instance, Plastic
instruments, Although
into, use
iron, Plastic
irrespective, of
is, called
items, of
keeps, a
knife, fork
knives, and
knork, knife
known, as
ladle, mustard
laid, between
laminated, but
large, sets
late, 16th
later, Several
layer, of
layers, of
lead, to
less, chemically
lettuce, fork
likely, to
listed, in
made, of
major, items
makes, or
manganese, and
many, other
material, composition
may, be
meals, in
meaning, knife
means, knives
medieval, period
melchior, corrosion
metal, can
metallurgist, Harry
metals, of
methods, of
mid, 19th
might, have
mild, steel
milder, less
mill, or
modern, French
modest, households
monarchs, [3]
more, usually
much, more
mustard, spoon
named, after
new, methods
nickel, silver
nineteenth, century
of, Sheffield
often, silver
on, display
one, or
or, sells
originally, on
origins, can
other, metals
outdoors, for
outlets, and
over, other
own, large
period, in
person, who
pewter, was
piece, of
pieces, of
places, In
plastic, cutlery
possession, in
predominant, one
preparing, serving
production, of
provided, with
quality, cutlery
range, of
razormaker, awlbladesmith
reactions, between
reactive, Chemical
reason, Since
recent, times
region, a
related, cutting
resistant, nickel
return, A
running, from
sandwiching, a
seen, in
sells, cutlery
service, After
serving, and
set, in
sets, containing
sharp, edge
sharpened, originally
shearsmith, and
silver, The
silverware, or
since, the
some, cheaper
sometimes, contain
specialised, dining
spife, spoon
spoon, In
spoons, Wealthy
sporf, which
spork, spoon
stainless, steel
steel, by
steelmaking, knives
sterling, silver
strip, of
substitute, for
such, as
swords, made
tableware, has
take, away
tastes, Gold
tax, return
term, silverware
than, silver
that, they
the, production
then, a
they, are
thicker, and
this, in
three, Etymology
times, hybrid
to, London
tools, whereas
trade, of
trades, such
traditional, material
train, –
turn, derives
two, items
unpleasant, tastes
usage, of
use, to
used, in
usually, known
utensils, the
utilitarian, knives
versions, of
was, named
wealthy, such
welding, a
well, and
were, made
when, cheap
where, cutlery
whereas, the
which, combines
who, makes
with, airline
word, cutler
word's, early
would, own
years, later
–, the
